Hammer flow link included (#3191)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: README.md

such as [OpenROAD-flow-scripts](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts),
[OpenLane](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenLane) from
[Efabless](https://efabless.com/), [Silicon Compiler](https://github.com/siliconcompiler/siliconcompiler)
from Zero ASIC, [Hammer](https://docs.hammer-eda.org/en/latest/Examples/openroad-nangate45.html)

> from Berkeley; as well as [OpenFASoC](https://github.com/idea-fasoc/OpenFASOC) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from Berkeley, and [OpenFASoC](https://github.com/idea-fasoc/OpenFASOC) for
```
